[Music]
your fists shape reveals your true
personality it takes just a little
observation to find out more about a
person the body shows a lot about your
opponent's in yourself and helps find a
way to communicate with them better all
you need to do is make a fist and choose
the option that fits you best here are
the four options some on top some inside
some to the side some turned upward so
what's your type let's check the result
number one some on top
you're probably the most energetic
person in the world
you're always seeking new knowledge and
impression trying to embrace everything
at once your schedule doesn't include
lounging in front of a TV
your altruistic to the bone a kind
person will always help and reassure
anyone you do more than you say and that
as well as your reliability and kindness
makes everyone respect and appreciate
you you inspire and energize everyone
around you easily becoming a respected
leader
[Music]
number two some inside your smart and
loquacious but you aren't too good at
making new friends those around you may
get the impression that you taciturn and
glum yet upon knowing you better they
find your soft and even quite vulnerable
you have a gift for seeing the root of
any problem and the ways to solve it
you're shrewd and sharp your vision is
often the most precise one and your
decisions are right precision and
thoughtfulness play to your advantage
although sometimes you demand too much
of yourself and get too anxious that's
why you need someone to understand you
without words number three some to the
side your moto is everyone chooses the
path of their own and your path is
usually the hard one your practical and
earnest standing fast and knowing your
work your backbone is titanium at the
very least however to your fear of
failure often prevents you from making
bold decisions it's the only thing that
you shake your concepts that's why you
often need approval and praise your
friends value your sincerity reliability
and sharpness those around you feel
protected in your present and are always
happy to have your company remember with
the support of your close ones you're
capable of anything
number four Sun turned upwards you're
modest yet knowledgeable and versatile
you have a quick mind that generates
countless ideas that may seem impossible
at first glance you adore discovering
the world and even better have the means
to do that
still you sometimes find it difficult to
concentrate on something in particular
because you want to know it all everyone
else thinks you're a walking
encyclopedia and asks for your advice a
lot but inside you're quite closed
carefully choosing your entourage and
giving the most valuable advice only to
the chosen so what is your type would
you agree with our description share
your thoughts in the comments don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join the
bright side of life